Uh this navigation structure design a delivery every wireframe needs a heading map that is H1 to H6 and a lambda map also.
Then we have uh tap through your entry design prototype.
Can you reach and active every single interactive element without a mouse, which Tamrita was explaining.
But using TAM, you have to reach your two main labels to the sub-levels.
Forms and inputs are again it's very important because as I told you, the user interface is very important.
So accessible form best practices alone I'll tell you.
Persistent visible label above every field.
Instructions appear before the form, not after, required fields label plus asterisk plus uh legend.
So all these things are required and on error focus moves to summary, errors listed with links to each field.
And error messages say what went wrong and how to fix it.
So you have to make users avoid and correct mistakes.
Every form error must identify the field, describe the issue, and suggest a corrective measures.
Yeah, this is the one which I want to address.
Images, multimedia, and alt text, video and audio recuments.
If you see pre-recorded video, closed captions and audio descriptions is compulsory.
And audio only full text transcript required.
In terms of live video, real-time captions required.
Then auto-playing media user must be able to pause or stop.
This is again one important criteria.
Most of the time, person who are visually hearing impact, they address this issue.
So there should be you know a pause button also need to be indicated.
Uh SVG icons and infographic.
If you see SVGs are used as an icon, add role.
If I don't think whether as a designer you look into, but it says that your image annotation spec must include image type, alt text copy, and whether a long description is needed, hand this to development team with a mocker.
Fine.
With this I'll conclude and uh ma'am will take you to a live example and she'll run through the website and explain you what are the difficulties.
Yeah.
Alright, so back to the pavilion.
I get the mic and the control.
So everybody a'wsake.
Somebody's rubbing the eyes.
I can see some people yawning.
Alright, I don't need the check.
I don't need the check.
Isn't he changing that?
Or change?
Gear will change.
We don't want to think
it's just kind of
Did she please come over?
Bye.
All right, can you see the
website now from the user's perspective?
Right?
May askungi questions or afkopata.
Dhana but Chudukov hasn't chugged, there's nothing critical, we are not pointing out any fingers.
I'll invite Mr.
Chakabati to sit down with me.
He is one of the shareholders as I said.
So he has a say on it as well.
Satsim Pellemujav said much what kind of fonts that you use?
What are the fonts which are accessible fonts that you can use?
We use Rubik.
Sorry?
Okay..
Rubik Yeah, we use Rubik form.
That's it.
Yeah.
Only one formation.
Organization by one form.
We have uh mukta and uh Palu Thambi for uh Tevnagri and uh Tamil.
Yeah, for what about that?
And you use throughout the website you use one font too.
Yes.
Sure?
No.
I mean, no, they might be
mighty discrepancy.
The fonts that you are using are multiple, right?
There's so many fonts that you start with.
So if I just give you an example, these are the menu loans and these are one font, right?
But what about this?
This is the ruby.
Gold rubic.
Gold rubby.
Right?
Acha.
We just talked about the contrast, right?
If you look at this personal loan, it is a good contrast on this beige pinkish colour.
But what about this quake?
What?
I still can't read it out.
I don't think
you give us some time to read it.
One.
Number two, Kyau Ray website page.
If we look at the home page, Kyau Rai.
Two months.
Flashy, flashy.
Who said God?
Thank you.
It's concentrated in Gat Bari.
Can you?
Achang up to me a point of incident.
Everybody let's listen to work.
What is good.
What is good?
The people do.
So sorry.
Label so label is for every icon.
It's a good thing.
I give you one part.
Chocolate.
They chocolate the middle, not even a bite.
Anyone else, what is good?
It's uh it's attention burning.
Sorry?
It's attention burn.
Yeah, whether it is like a better one is gay.
Gay image.
Drop carrying a label I think these are images, right?
What is it not good?
The images.
Yes, these are images.
The text is inside the image.
Yes.
So reader metaphadaya niu.
All text name bato.
Why not language?
You cannot read out whether it's a loan.
Because the screen reading software is not compatible to this.
You have created an image with the text.
Can you please explain what is Bosch Put?
Logo is actually too big too much movement on this cloud.
Exactly.
Logo is animated.
Logo on any main time here.
You don't listen to me.
Okay guys, please listen to me.
Guys, can I have your
own?
What I love about Mumbai and what I love about I mean from Maharashtra is the the words you know the dialect with Kali Mini
and then uh there was one more Taburto.
Okay guys, let's let's come back to it.
If I'm reading this electronics on Ari Baba, Pandito electr,onics on, electronics on and
reflect or
Correct?
Now you start using your accessibility lens.
And the accessibility lens is look,
pause karu, sojne do, comprehend karne do, samajne do action main do
20 seconds to those
20 seconds.
Very important
also when I am looking at the aircraft which it the gate to go
in there.
Then I go for the concentrates and then if it will be at my destination.
Then by book problems.
Right?
Okay.
Now let's look at from the designer point of view.
Subse perito akadjunit chalnewala andata
All these images will have an alt text, and you get on EMI na text image.
On this top, it's a jar ka header menu hena
cake menu ki and the sauce or teasing.
Right?
Sauce or teasing.
Otherwise we don't get insurance model.
They go up, they could user friendly maybe
this is like this is like the drawers to
may be dusting fish on me.
I think uh
this is a fish market.
We need to understand, you know, give that bunch of information which is very important.
Okay.
I'll show you another site also.
So what happens is Jamab is peate, ham gedeke, there are more.
Many more to come.
There's no end to it.
Abhiya or Avia?
I have a question.
Yes.
Um I think uh website JavaScript for the paperwork early to
I have no idea about the thing.
Expecting people that sell the same thing now.
You know when Nabrata was testing it and Radhika was recording her, when Nabratha called I was in Bangalore that time I got I said
NPAR Pinsam Padam Maya.
Because then she said, okay, I can I found it difficult, but I can get through.
You know, she's used the word get through, but to be very honest, she couldn't.
She couldn't.
So it's just that we need to understand we have to draw a line.
So art need to all the air and
so here all things are
Because you know as it is so much happening on the site,
Everything is like moving.
And look at this.
It's maybe a flash panel flush and be all
or
there's no end.
Okay.
Now Mr.
Chakravati I have come to you as a person with low vision if you can tell me how they can improve it right
see for me the flash, the blue color flash, I am not able to read actually.
By the time I can read, goya, then the chimney, even the next one, the me,
flash, the fixed deposit one.
By the time I read it, it finishes.
Complete, I won't be able to read the full thing and comprehend and what it is.
I just have one more point.
Do not call.
Do you really need it?
Do not call?
Because if I go down, there is a point which says that you can contact us and you can call.
I read it somewhere here.
What is do not call?
Do not be called by Plus Minister.
Okay for any CSO promotional code.
D and D.
It's it's a optional uh option for users if they don't want to get calls, promotional calls from the large fans they can register.
So this is DNV, do not disturb.
Yeah, do not disturb.
Do you to give you more context?
But then it is do not order do not disturb.
And it's do not disturb essentially do not call because we call our customers.
Because you yeah, because you want to follow up with them and see whether they are actually hooking up to your work or not.
You're giving you getting the right customer Can I call it do not disturb?
For example, from eight EM at nine to eight a few
nothing stuck at it.
Do not disturb
Okay, maybe I have to understand this.
But when I get calls na Ludha say, Aku A Kizamin will be
key ball, come down
That that DMT simply gets registered with the uh drive.
But this is not that.
Okay, got it.
I'll I'll take that.
Then uh there are a couple of things, huh?
This colour contrast is very good.
Very good.
The blue and white and everything, you know, and and if you put the widget on here then we can do a large font and things like that.
Okay, now uh the Apple and the Android thing is understandable.
Download app that is understandable, right?
But
I
store us on the
If I look at this article then it's cite.
Read more, read more, read more, and again then you keep read more.
Which we say quick links.
You have to stop there so that you understand what you are doing.
Sabdan Ray safe rahe.
English me kay hindi pa shaku.
English.
English English.
Safe kissing.
It's a tagline.
Safe Satar.
But safe word should not come back.
Even R B I also uses English for that.
No, that's okay.
Now I'm coming to the point that I want to make.
When a screen reading software reads it out, sadhan mean a saharahi and sare frahe.
You know you were hearing uh Nambrata when she was using the screet bidding, the accent changes changes completely, and for them it will be difficult to English cookers.
So,
we have to pura
bodies
and And the first eight most
word code R B Ika tells me.
So it reaches out to them and they know exactly what you are meaning.
Basically back and forth will keep RB tagline announcement that's what Southern Ray South.
These are all AI created images, right?
Uh person to neurodivergent, the person with intellectual disability, person with learning disability, unkind,
they could say
it's a very natural reaction because he can't make it out.
So he's just trying to read it out.
Simply here.
What is this?
Guide to report online fraud?
Image the matching
So it's it's a it's because it's it's coming from where?
Spring trust.
So object screen reading software, but it's a safe button
image.
Sorry?
It's my plugin.
Sorry one by one, I can't hear you.
Yes?
So plug in isn't a plug in that same
interest.
No no no unpin you not do anything.
How can you tell your user what you're telling me?
Sir,, sir please try to understand the point.
Please try to understand the point.
May I saw browser?
You cannot tell your uh user to do that.
That's my point.
License Shalem's go let's go to the next Sparta.
This is flashy, very flashy.
Ismini ara, ismiya
is
Sir.
The person in the green olive shirt, I love that colour.
Ismi aara, ismini ara?
Kush to heavy
fifty percent off flash flash flash
So, you can see I agree.
I'm a spare spirit.
Watch video.
Always put this icon video gum and watch video.
Because the moment you put so many things, you know, a person with again with intellectual disability will be completely lost.
May you watch video, in video ka ikunalo, I can cut them, next, next, next album.
Got it?
Okay.
Now what this is uh C all category Culli.
In your speaking diet, that's very fitness are businesses or they are doing similar business under testing.
I also
need to find
your
own
I will show you I will show you Amazon also what Namberta has shown.
Amazon is one of the most accessible websites.
They are set selling more than lakhs of products.
What is this C all category this for the sample?
Going to ask open make menu many other
Guys, this is a big board.
How many times are you defeating it?
This is better than that.
Is it clear?
Are we languages?
What is calculators?
A chart.
Oh my god.
It is like short.
It is like cyclopesia.
You are trying to find a needle in an ocean.
Okay, that is fun.
Then it says reach us US reach.
Reach US.
One more lesson.
Always use upper lower sentence cases and words.
Never use upper cases.
Upper cases are very difficult to talk difficult, you know, calculations.
It's very difficult to comprehend by people with learning disabilities.
So again reach us me reach us me Kami Hyperniata.
What is the point of giving the background?
Your website should tell me the background.
You are not there to answer my questions.
I am I am I am one little drop in the big ocean of one hundred and forty eight crores people in the country.
My chord is not being DNG or I'm not very satisfied.
It's a it's a divisible I.
can can you know you agree to disagree, I'm fine with that.
My only question is
in the footer.
Not when we are going to somewhere instead important links.
Somebody
So if you look at the IRA, you are deliberately going into reachers.
So call us options are labeled inside reaches.
So go to reachers, right?
So the call is relevant.
So after reachers, then Yama unachiya which we call which is a usual practice name contact us.
Correct?
Contact us is witches.
I am just trying to put it as a customer, as a as a person who has used your services and I'm not satisfied.
Or I have a question.
As you rightly said, questions
148 crumus cob S answer me cursate.
Contact us is the word, you know, about us is the word.
Use something very specific, universally used, and internationally recognized
things, right?
It's going to add value to your work.
You have done a lot of work.
It's just simple, simple round.
Okay,
uh, the kana chart,
and then we are holding you with the
assignments.
Okay.
This is our website.
We run a network called Asia Pacific Network for Accessibility.
This ki bad abi Namrata Nebiki and then Guru Nebiki.
So what happened was this is Amara
home page ka bo hai and I'll just make it 90% right?
It's just because of the screen with the projector, that's why.
Now, when we are doing this, This yaha my busar options
for the translation, yamaya vidite, yama mara contraste, ya mara contraste, ticket.
These are the things that we are doing.
What we did was it's a very simple basic uh website, a graphs ko deco
visually appealing hairy
Because I wanted to reach out to the people.
People with disabilities, we are working in 55 countries and we have more than 2400 members throughout 55 countries and all the people from the UN, you know, very uh high profile people from UN are advisors.
And these are all women because it's a women initiative.
The visible impact, scrolling number is accessible so that you know people can understand.
Now what we want in Chu Hamko highlight
is the requisite dollar.
So you can go to a particular page.
Testimonials are
scrolling.
And look at the time next year.
Because
auto.
Areas, font size cham de
try 18 to 24.
Puppets, Roboto, Arial, any helmetica, these are the fonts that we use.
Easy to read.
Or
Google Karamana, easy to read fonts, chat GPT, to be up in Chaira.
Then we have this logos.
I'm just not trying to say
that we have a but we tried to make it the best.
What I really like about is this quick links.
Joby up extra hair.
Now if we just pop it,
this is it.
No.
Check up quickly, but I'll go easy navigation,
they know comfort.
Can you do that?
Make it easy, simpler so that people can read it to it.
Colours, contrast, joh back there and WCHG guidelines.
We wanted to make it more women-centric because it's a women-led initiative.
So they need yellow, pink, all those womenly colours, but we wanted to also showcase that it's a contrast.
Okay, join a pleasure.
Just this part is over.
Any questions?
Thank you so much.
I saw him making the video and it's really appreciable that you have taken uh this thing into governments.
I don't know whether you are on the
assignment and this go home.
What is the point of the assign, you know, accessibility of the website?
Like what will
uh
we could take it.
Wonderful.
So what I am going to do now is I did not learn anything new.
Yeah, view.
So he's still
um the assignment.
I'm sure since morning Bhatsari Lobubi Nazarejobat Pura Chasumray very attentive that last table is definitely the best one, the level table.
I love it because you are all very very attentive.
I I think that they need constantly was not the
note karathi were making diagrams.
I mean radical can just pass it on.
And then I saw this gentleman in the olive shirt, my favorite colour, he was like
not even looking at the screen.
And this gentleman in the in brown, he was listening, but his head was also down, but
subject along assignment,
multiple choice motion, wherever you think uh
tick must
be
Can you take one from your
No cheating.
Thank you.
No browsing.
Please mention your employee IDs and the name.
Maybe that's cool.
Oh yeah, same.
I hope you have
Extra paper.
So many minutes that
we have
So fine, we were there.
We can use them tomorrow stuff.
So much legal questions?
God fucking off
Cheating Tony children.
That's what you do.
Which standard of
the
No eating planting those
Another four minutes to go.
You can keep sitting here.
I think it's not
Thank you.
Yeah.
So we've got to create a whole kind of idea
I'm challenging
requirement clear.
IT goes IT coachana
Right now the relay that we have done it's sort of some extra material that's coming uh right on the USB code USB C code that we have created.
Hence it will block block the path of the APC hole.
So can we move the whole fill up towards positive one of this?
So then uh it will not get in the way of the APC hole.
And I don't mind if my uh my fillet goes beyond this
you know why
two
lower you can go higher than y two, it can go to the
y four lecture, right?
That should be
positive end of the fillet or the curvature can go beyond what it's in right now.
He doesn't have to um be limited to the
place there.
So want a much more smoother progression.
And I also obviously don't want it to get in the way of the USB C for you.